{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1348\cocoasubrtf170
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Techela\'9216\
\
After establishing the reputation of being one of the largest tech fests in the city, we at Symbiosis Institute of Technology proudly unfold to you \'96 Techela\'9216. \
Techela = Technology + Mela\
True to its name, we will strive for our tech fest to be a fun affair for all the coding enthusiasts, potential web-developers and anyone who loves to challenge their brain.\
\
\
Who are we? \
\
Symbiosis Institute of Technology(SIT), the youngest constituent of Symbiosis International University(SIU) offers B. Tech courses in five different branches to over 1600 students. A part of the Symbiosis Knowledge Village in Lavale, SIT resides amidst lush green hills in the city of Pune.\
In the cultural domain, students at SIT are active participants in in-house self-development programmes like Performing Arts & Crafts and Liberal Arts, which finds a place in the overall curriculum of the institute. The impact of such activities is evident through the participation and accolades won by our students in various national-level academic and extra-curricular competitions like Oasis (BITS, Pilani), Sympulse (SCMS-UG, Pune), Aakriti (IIT Bombay), Mood Indigo (IIT Bombay) and many others.\
The Computer Science and Information Technology department was established in 2009.  The department is home to faculty and students who have excelled in their respective fields. \
The CS-IT Tech fest is held alongside our cultural fest Reverb and the tech fests of other departments and is a treat for all those that visit the lush green campus of SIT.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\li720\pardirnatural
\cf0 \
             COM-IT\'9215 (Last year\'92s peek)\
\
The inauguration of this three-day fest was soon followed by an innovative IT quiz, which made everyone put on their brightest thinking cap. The most awaited event of the day was the Google developer workshop which found participation from over 50 students. LAN Gaming, Xpress IT and Virtual DJ were the three events which garnered wide participation from colleges all over the city.\
\
 Mr. Vamsi Ponda, the strategy manager at Sokrati graced the fest with his honourable presence and briefed the students about digital marketing. It involved key points on how digital marketing is applicable for Computer Science students and its scope in the current IT sector. \
With a footfall of over 3500 at our fest in the previous year, we certainly know that this year the turnouts would only increase. We at SIT believe in improving ourselves with each day and most certainly, each year. We have received immense support from our sponsors each year and we look forward to the same this year.\
}